Project Name : Society Management System Project (SMS)

Language Used : PHP

Database : MySQL

User Interface Design : HTML, AJAX,JQUERY,JAVASCRIPT

Web Browser : Mozilla, Google Chrome, IE8, OPERA

Software : XAMPP / Wamp / Mamp/ Lamp (anyone)

In this project, we use PHP and  MySQL database.

The different types of modules present in this project are

Admin
User
Admin:

Dashboard: In this section, admin can see all detail in brief like Total flats, Total bills, Total Allotment, Total Visitor, Unresolved Complain, In progress Complain, Resolved Complain and Total Complain.
Flats: In this section, admin can manage flats (Add/Update).
Allotment: In this section, admin can manage the allotment (Add/Update).
Bills: In this section, the admin can manage bills (Add/Update).
View Complain: In this section, the admin can view the complaint of society members and response to the complain and change the status of complaint according to complain status.
Visitors: In this section admin, can manage visitors (Add/Update) and visitors manage incoming and outgoing details of visitors.
Search: In this section admin, can search allotment of flats and visitors of society by flats number and by name and mobile number of visitors respectively.
Reports: In this section admin can view how much allotment has been done in a particular period and also view how many visitor visits in a society in particular periods.
Admin can also update his profile, change the password and recover the password.

User (Society Member):

Dashboard: It is a welcome page for society members.
View Bill: In this section, user can view his/her own society charges which will be generated by admin per month.
Visitor: In this section, user can view detail of the visitor who visited in his/her own flat.
Complain: In this section, user can raise the complain and view the complain status which is provided by society admin
Search: In this section, user can search visitor who visited in his/her flats
Reports: In this section, user can view how many visitors visit a flat in particular periods.
